Walk them back.
Now that we have a nice profile icon and a nice drop down menu I want to make sure that these things
work.
So let's work out the sign out functionality and this video and also remove this over here because we
don't really need this anymore.
Let's get back to our tech center.
The first thing we want is we want the on a road change function which we already use in our app in
our sign out over here and let's change out to sign out perfect.
And in here if you go back to our navigation we see that all these routes have the on route change prop
that we receive from the app and that simply changes routing for us.
Let's grab the on route change.
Assume that we get that as props.
We'll work on that in a bit and say that this Daut prop's or we have to actually have an enclave function
and this unclick function is going to have the this dobbed props start on row change called with the
sign out called because we want to sign up and we also need to actually pass this Propp now.
So let's go back to our navigation and in here we can actually change this up.
We can completely remove the text that said sign out because we don't need it anymore but we do want
the on road change function to work here.
So let's just pass down the on route change down to profile like on because we already have access to
that and navigation and just completely erase the speed at let me save go back
and we have a bit of an issue here and that is because if we go to our profile icon Well I can just
call this inside of the function.
I have two more inside of the on click.
I have to actually
assign the function so that when on click happens the function runs not just immediately running it.
All right let's say that go back quick on this.
Hurry.
Perfect.
If I click sign out look at that i'm signed out.
That's awesome.
Now there's a few things that I'm noticing here.
One is that oh my dropdown menu is a little bit off here.
We need to adjust some VSS.
And also when I sign out I don't want to go to the register page.
I want to go to the sign and page let's fix that first.
What we want to do is if we go to app that J.S. We'll see if I can find it or if we go to dodginess
and on road change if we scroll down we see that it's a very simple router.
When we sign out we set state to initial state in which case that is our sign out or in our case it's
the home which we're changing just for the devolvement purposes.
And there's many ways to fix this.
First of all this routing logic could be improved.
We see that we actually have the same route sign out which says state to initial state and then because
it keeps going.
It also runs the route to set to whatever route we pass it to now in our case because we pass the sign
out route and if we scroll down here we have the route sign in and that's where we're checking for.
And in that case we get signed and otherwise we get register.
Well the logic here is a little bit off but a quick fix that we might want to do here we can add actual
logic here so maybe if it's sign if the rowdiest sign out we can just go to the sign and page as well
or we can't simply just call return here so that we don't even update the route.
We just as soon as we sign out get to the initial state which in our case will be the will be the sign
in page.
And this is never going to be called Let's save and just test this out.
I'm going to change the route to what we had before which was sign and and all changes is signed into
force as well.
Going back I will do my.
Hey put a dot com and notice that my styling career has changed again because of boot straps again something
that will have to fix I'm signed in the file.
Click here and sign out.
Perfect.
I'm Allen the sign in page.
All right.
You know this year that we have another issue with the form.
This is a bit of a tricky one because why is this happening.
We put our styles after bootstrap our tack Kyon's and our index Nazi SS is after bootstrap But this
is a funny thing that's actually happening.
And another reason where you want to be careful.
Anything that you can port to your project.
If I scroll down here I see that whereas it
background transparent over here if I scroll down and toggle it will see that oh look at that.
That's now while we want out of our thing but somebody is calling background transparent with the important
class.
And if I click here
it looks like this text CSSA.
Oh yeah that's bootstrap right there.
So bootstrap automatically assigns the important but not place.
Let's go back to the inspect element bootstrap.
Automatically assigns the important flag which again overrides all C Ss.
Where are we.
Let's go back to
scroll up and there it is.
You see over here it's not being read.
While we have with Kyon's and instead it's being written overwritten by the same class in the bootstrap
class.
Again another reason why you want to stick usually with wants VSS library because you never know what
they're doing.
So let's fix that really really quickly because I like the black background that we had.
And a simple fix that we can do is perhaps for seinen we can create a new file we'll call to sign in
dot C Ss and we can just simply override everything so let's just call this however black on hover and
we'll say that this is whenever it's hovering.
I want the background color
to be black.
Now Bruce Shepp is still going to override that because it has the important flag so we can add our
own flag here saying important.
Now I'm warning you here.
This is just for demonstration purposes just in case you encounter something like this which often happens
when you mix and match I personally never like using this.
If you're using this then there's something wrong.
Maybe there's better ways of doing it.
In our case maybe instead of using Buscema we can do something else so it doesn't override all our styles
or maybe don't use tack Collins and bootstrap together.
But for now we have this Hover block that we can apply to each one of our classes in our case we can
go to the register or the sign in and in the sign in we can just have a class that we add to all our
inputs.
We have a lot of CSSA styles already.
And we should KPRC SSL.
Let's go with Hover Clott hover block
to hear what other imposed do we have.
We have the this one over here.
Let's save go back
oh what i miss here.
Let's go back and that's because we actually need to import our CSSA file that we just created.
So again most do sign an Daut see assess.
So let's test that out go back look at that.
We have our background all set.
We can do probably the same thing for a register.
We see that that's still being affected.
But that's something that you can do on your own time.
We have over written a hair styles.
All right so now that we got this all figured out let's go back to let's clean this up a bit.
I'm going to abduct Yes all our clothes some of these tabs
and go to our home and is signed in to true just so we can play around with this.
If I go back there we go.
I think the one last fix we want to do is this positioning of the box.
Let's fix that.
And that's actually a nice little fix that we can do again if we go to profile.
Luckily for us with the dropdown menu there is a attribute that we can use again if we go back to our
re-act trap.
We have the let's see position
that is up down left right and you can see over here that you can align things based on how you want
them to be.
In our case we want to use the right attribute.
So I can just go back here and just to stay consistent for Klaas's let's keep double quotes just like
we have over here.
Even though you can use both.
And let's just add the right attribute here that comes with 3.x chape.
If I go back
are eight We've got everything nice and working.
I think it's time for us because our sign our functionality works.
It's time for us to build our profile.
That's going to be a fun one.
I'll see in that one.
But by.